c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll.config
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\MvcMovie.pdb
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.pdb
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.Initial.resources
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.Rating.resources
c:\users\nicholas\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcMovie\MvcMovie\obj\Debug\MvcMovie.Migrations.dataanno.resources
